---
title: "STARTING-OUT"
date: 2024-12-18
---
This is just a starting point. I'm not quite sure what exactly I'll write about here. Adding another sentence

Ok so I'll start with some background.  I am an on-the-job trained Data Analyst.  I am old enough that when I was in college, Data Analytics wasn't a thing and I organically learned along the way.  I found that I have a passion for data analytics and am decent at it.  I was laid off in December of 2023.  To be honest, I have always feared I couldn't re-get my job because my educational background is not in computer science or data analytics or anything remotely close.  I took some time off and have found that for whatever reason, I am not getting traction in my job search as I apply and occasionally interview for lateral roles.  
I am also a mother.  Being a working mom was eye opening in many ways including all the reasons that work is incompatible with raising a family.  My story is sadly all too common and my experiences are not unique.  It's not worth mentioning specific examples but just a resounding "yes" to all the issues that working parents face.  In a utopian environment, work would be flexible enough to allow for both to exist.  Parents would be able to take pauses in careers without backsliding years, if not decades, if they are able to re-enter the workforce at all.
Finally, as I am asked to take technical skills tests and continue to fail them (without feedback so I have no idea what the issue is, of course) I have come to the realization that I need to keep one toe in the water and keep code skills moderately current.  Also, I can not reconcile how I can't pass a basic skill test yet have years of positive feedback from my previous roles.  The company I worked for is notoriously intolerant of problem/poor performers and so I know fundamentally I can do the job.  For some reason it is not translating on the skills tests I am being asked to take before even being given the opportunity to interview for a role.
Today I did the zero to snowflake in 90 minutes webinar.  It was refreshing and I actually enjoyed the coding practice.  The webinar went really fast but it made me realize I miss being in the Data Analytics arena.
Anyway, these blog posts are what I call "warm up sessions" completely crediting Myleik Teele with that one.  She re-started a podcast and started with what she called "warm up sessions" which were mini episodes to get back into the swing of things again.  Her rationale was athletes don't go out and perform without warming up and we should do that as well.  This blog post will most likely eventually end up in the trash as it is the first time I've written in quite a while, but here's to a warm up session!
